---
layout: post
title:  "在ubuntu9.10上安装firefox3.62010-01-22"
date:   2011-03-10 09:52:04
categories: linux
tags:
---

* content
{:toc}

Installation  64bit users note: there are no 64bit packages in this  repository,  since Mozilla only releases 32bit builds. For alternative  installation  options, see here.   Old ubuntuzilla installer script users note: before  installing  these packages, run "ubuntuzilla.py -a remove -p  packagename". Otherwise  installation may fail due to the existence of a  local diversion of  /usr/bin/ links, placed there by the old  ubuntuzilla script.      It is strongly recommended to make a  backup of your  Firefox/Thunderbird/Seamonkey user profile, just in  case. This is stored  in your home directory. Firefox and Seamonkey  profiles are stored in  the .mozilla directory, Thunderbird profile is stored in .thunderbird  or .mozilla-thunderbird directory.    Add the ubuntuzilla repository to your /etc/apt/sources.list,  either using your favorite editor, or by running the provided one-line  command (copy and paste the entire line into a terminal, then  press enter).  If you are using Ubuntu Jaunty (9.04) or later: The repository to add is deb http://downloads.sourceforge.net/project/ubuntuzilla/mozilla/apt all main and you can use the following command to add it to your sources.list  in one step: echo  -e  "\ndeb  http://downloads.sourceforge.net/project/ubuntuzilla/mozilla/apt  all  main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list > /dev/null   If you are using Ubuntu Intrepid (8.10) or earlier (due to a bug in apt): The repository to add is deb http://switch.dl.sourceforge.net/project/ubuntuzilla/mozilla/apt all main and you can use the following command to add it to your sources.list  in one step: echo  -e  "\ndeb  http://switch.dl.sourceforge.net/project/ubuntuzilla/mozilla/apt  all  main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list > /dev/null   If you wish, verify that the repository has been added, by  looking at /etc/apt/sources.list in your favorite text editor.      Then add the package signing key to your keyring, by running  the following command: sudo apt-key adv --recv-keys --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com C1289A29
     Update your package database: sudo apt-get update
     Install your desired package, with one of the following  commands: sudo apt-get install firefox-mozilla-build
sudo apt-get install thunderbird-mozilla-build
sudo apt-get install seamonkey-mozilla-build
 All of this can also be done through the GUI with the Synaptic  Package Manager, if you so desire. See this step-by-step visual tutorial if you would like to try  the GUI approach. From here on, any updates will be offered to you through the  usual channels in the Update Manager.  Localizations The packages in the repos are 'en-US' (US English) versions. To  install any other translations:     Download the appropriate language pack add-on .xpi file,    Install it from within Firefox/Thunderbird/Seamonkey (as you  would with any other add-on).    Enable it by setting the preference general.useragent.locale   to the name of the locale that you want to use. The name of the locale   is the same as the name of the language pack that you installed.    Restart the application for the setting to take effect. Firefox language packs are at http://releases.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/releases/<version>/linux-i686/xpi/ Thunderbird language packs are at http://releases.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/thunderbird/releases/<version>/linux-i686/xpi/ Seamonkey language packs are at http://releases.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/seamonkey/releases/<version>/langpack/ For more info about installing language packs, see this Mozilla  knowledgebase article.  Removal To uninstall the packages, uninstall the *-mozilla-build packages,  using your favorite package manager. E.g., using apt-get: sudo apt-get remove firefox-mozilla-build
sudo apt-get remove thunderbird-mozilla-build
sudo apt-get remove seamonkey-mozilla-build
 If you no longer wish to have the Ubuntuzilla repository in your  sources, you can edit it out of your /etc/apt/sources.list.  Technical Details  Repository contents and package behavior The repository contains packages of the latest releases of  Mozilla  Firefox, Thunderbird, and Seamonkey. Currently there are only  i386  (32bit) packages, since Mozilla does not release 64bit binaries. The repository location is deb http://downloads.sourceforge.net/project/ubuntuzilla/mozilla/apt all main And the repository signing key ID is C1289A29 (or 0xCCC158AFC1289A29  in long format), available on keyserver.ubuntu.com.  Note: due to a bug in apt  on Ubuntu Intrepid and earlier, the  redirecting gateway  'downloads.sourceforge.net' cannot be used. On these  versions, use one  of the sourceforge mirrors directly: deb http://switch.dl.sourceforge.net/project/ubuntuzilla/mozilla/apt all main  The packages are named firefox-mozilla-build, thunderbird-mozilla-build,  and seamonkey-mozilla-build. Upon installation, the actual binaries are installed into /opt/(firefox|thunderbird|seamonkey),  a link is placed into /usr/bin/(firefox|thunderbird|seamonkey),  and the same link from the Ubuntu-repositories version of these packages  is diverted to /usr/bin/(firefox|thunderbird|seamonkey).ubuntu. A menu shortcut is also created, which places an item named Mozilla  Build of (Firefox|Thunderbird|Seamonkey) into the Applications  -> Internet menu.
        
